Actualization
pages: 3874.jpg, 3875.jpg
figures: 3874-diagram.jpg, 3875-river.jpg, 3875-wave.jpg
redrawn: 3874-diagram-clean.svg (+ .png)

--- 3874 (diagram — 3874-diagram.jpg) ---

Labels on the two blobs, left to right:

  ↳ The space of [the universe and] life and the universe
  my subspace
  my [scribbled out]
  my column space
  my nullspace
  [my stream of consciousness] my personality        (arrow down into the gap)
  the collective perceived world
  my rowspace / action space
  perceived nullspace
  (dissipation)
  My stream of consciousness
  A          (arrow from left blob to right blob)
  A^T        (arrow back, right to left)

--- 3874 (text below the rule) ---

Actualization = Becoming full rank. Being able to understand/feel everything in my
body. A non-blocking filter for our perceived existence. Unity with this world.

My subspace → the latent space that my thoughts take form in.
  ↳ my nullspace → experiences / perceptions [mapped to by] that are unfathomable
    to me. Perhaps manifests in not caring? Life!
  ↳ My column space → Experiences injested into thoughts and ideas by me.
    [margin: inability to understand]

The collective perceived world → still only understood by me through a
transformation. However, my actions take reality beyond my projection (unseen to
me) in it.
  ↳ row space → the responses I present and actualize from my thoughts. My
    expression.
  ↳ perceived nullspace → ideas, thoughts unable to manifest in this world.
    Perhaps this feels like dissipation, leading to frustration, anger, a feeling
    of blocking?
    [margin: inability to make / act out]

--- 3875 ---

Perhaps being alive is the very capacity to transform life. The ability to act as
a filter, and transformer.

Constantly blocking the flow, with distractions, a lack of attention, builds
rigidity. It constrains the filter and allows less life to flow. Perhaps this is
the feeling of helplessness, the desire to move w/ flow, naturally, but the
inwards opposing structures preventing this.

Flexibility is the highest value. Being responsive rather than resistant allows
more flow in the direction of life, rather than orthogonal to it, rather than
dissipation into entropy, like the force of friction.

Allowing oneself to be excited but also steady, when life calls for it.

Focus, attention ⇒ flexibility
  ↳ being receptive to inputs prevents buildup of fear / inattention, which
    atrophies ability to understand.
  being expressive → perpetuates connection.

[river diagram — 3875-river.jpg]
  flow of life
  pebbles, causing friction & dissipation (blockers)
  constriction of flow when memory buildup
  lack of flexibility
  river is my world

[wave diagram — 3875-wave.jpg]
  input of life →
  continuous, cyclic transformation when signal is unblocked — the flow

  my function, and me composed of n fourier frequencies

2 types of frustration? Lack of understanding and lack of
  blockage
  expression?   Both constrict the funnel.
