Living in alignment
pages: 3880.jpg, 3881.jpg, 3882.jpg

--- 3880 ---

Living in alignment doesn't take courage or strength.

Fearlessness comes without courage when you feel in alignment, because your body,
and your body in each moment in the world, becomes your home. Being alive in itself provides safety.

When I am filled with love, with light, I can sit still, and be fully aware
of the moment.

This is precious. This is what I seek. This sense of continuous peace and clarity.

And to achieve it? No big leaps, no heroism. Just choosing, each moment, to do the
thing that brings me closer to myself. To this pure sense of self I always carry,
that I channel, or maybe that channels me.

Either way, she is here, and I am her home, in this world. And she is awesome,
because she is a pure being of the universe. And I am a pure being of the world.
And I am awesome, just for that. I do not have to do anything to be worthy. But in
order to experience fully, I must make little choices every moment to be as close
to her, to allow her to be here with me, as much as I can. Do not shut her —
yourself - out. She is pure, and she is the guiding light of your experience.

Choose awareness. Choose purity over worldliness. Choose lightness over heaviness.
Be gentle with yourself.

I can choose to stay in the moment rather than escape to my phone.
I can choose to love my body for how it feels in the morning rather than how it
looks.
I can choose to slow down, and practice spirituality every morning.
I can choose to not overeat. I can choose to stop eating when I'm satisfied.

I can choose to sleep when I am tired.

--- 3881 ---

I can choose to listen when I am unsure, and make a choice and stick to it.

I can choose to be happy where I am, no matter what is going on in the world, no
matter what fun distractions exist elsewhere, just because I get to spend time
with myself. This is the purest joy I feel.

I can choose to accept someone else where they are, to see them as another
beautiful part of this world that I get to learn from, that gets to be a challenge
for me.

Every day is new. Every day I wake up and must make these choices, independent of
anything that has happened before. Every day I choose to love this new day, these
new moments that appear, the new time I get to spend with myself, with my working
body, in this awaking world. How perfect.

It will take consistent practice. And many little choices. But I only have to
choose moment to moment.

To love. To be with myself. To accept what I've done with unconditional
forgiveness, and to commit to making choices that align with me. That is how I
rebuild trust in myself. That is how I become me again, fall in love with myself,
with life, and to open myself up for love from others.

I can choose to share what feels right to share without holding back. Because you
are beautiful, and the world wants you to be here, to share what you find yourself
flowing to share. And the world will always accept it, as long as it is authentic.
I can choose to present myself honestly, without exaggeration. I can choose to not
perform, because that is not true to yourself.

--- 3882 ---

I can be who I am, I can just be. Because the universe loves me, and I love the
universe, and therefore I must love myself. I love the whole of the universe in
its utmost purity.

And so there is no reason to block any of its flow. I can just be. The universe
will always accept me.

And the world's reaction is my path, my journey. The only true set for me.
Anything else is meaningless. It is a waste. I choose attention in every moment. I
choose to make my choice, the choice that rings, the choice that aligns with who I
really am, in every moment. Moment by moment.

[wavy dividing line]

And no wonder I have been intolerable, hobby-focused, goal-oriented.

That's not like me is it? Those are all distractions from self-hatred, or from
discomfort rather. Bodily discomfort, distrust of self. It leads to confusion,
internal havoc. Of course you wanted to escape.

But flexibility, true flexibility comes from satisfaction within each moment. With
the ability to feel satisfaction from pure existence, and this comes from a
feeling at home in one's body. From feeling ultimate joy and love just from
getting to be with her, my friend.
